feat(settlements): feature#2234 add default settlements (#320)
mojaloop/documentation: mojaloop-technical-overview/central-settlements/settlement-process/README.md

This endpoint enables advanced reporting capabilities.

- [Sequence Diagram for Query Settlements by Parameters](get-settlements-by-params.md)

### 2.10 Gross Settlement Handler

This handler executes after each transfer is committed and performs the following operations on success:

>  Handle the updating of the POSITION and SETTLEMENT accounts for participants involved in a transfer where there is a settlement model defined as immeditate and gross on the POSITION account to facilitate RTCGS (Rel-Time Continuous Gross Settlement) per transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Handle the updating of the POSITION and SETTLEMENT accounts for participants involved in a transfer where there is a settlement model defined as immediate and gross on the POSITION account to facilitate RTCGS (Real-Time Continuous Gross Settlement) per transfer.
```

Author: I like immeditate :D
